Hugging Face provides
you everything that you
need to fine tune a
transformer model.
They provide more than
1,000 datasets for
specific tasks that you can
quickly load using
the datasets library.
They also provide you with
tokenizers that help
you pre-process
your data before
the training and
post-process the outputs
after running the model..
They have more than 15,000 model
checkpoints that you can load
from the transformer's library.
Additionally, the trainer
object lets you train
your model without worrying
about coding the
training procedure.
As if it wasn't enough,
it also has predefined metrics
that you can use to evaluate
your model's
performance which can
integrate into the
trainer objects.
Hugging Face has more than
15,000 model checkpoints that
you can use as starting
points for your fine
tuning process.
Recall that a model checkpoints
is the set of
weights learned for
a model during the
training procedure
using a determined datasets.
For instance, you could use
a model checkpoints for
the distilled version of
the bird transformer obtained by
training on the
question-answering datasets,
which you can find as
distil-base-case distil-squad
in Hugging Face.
Or you could use
the base version of
the bert model trade on
the KAIST English corpus,
which you can find
as bert-base-cased.
You can explore the Hugging Face
model library to look for
a checkpoint that you can use
for your specific use case.
Once you have selected the
checkpoints you want to use,
you can upload this
architecture and weights using
a single line of code using
functions from the
transformers library.
You'll see how to do that
in the next ungraded lab.
Don't worry about
the code just yet.
Now to fine tune a
transformer model for
a specific task or perform
well in a particular domain,
you need lots of data.
You could get and
process your datasets by
scraping the web or even
collecting data from
an app you made.
But Hugging Face has
a library with task
specific datasets that is worth
exploring before you go
through much trouble.
You can search this dataset
library on their web
by filtering for task
category, language, and size.
To load any datasets
that you choose,
you only need a function
from datasets library.
If you decide to use a
dataset from Hugging Face,
you only need a line of
code to load your data.
If you already have
your datasets,
the loading process
is just as easy.
Using the Hugging Face
datasets library is
a smart choice because it is
optimized to work with
massive datasets.
It has methods that will
help you pre-process
the data even if you decide
to work with your own data.
Once you figure out what dataset
to use to fine tune your model,
you need to pre-process
the data to feed it to
the model for training.
The way to pre-process the
data varies depending on
the task and the model
you want to fine tune.
But Hugging Face provides
tokenizer objects,
thus ease the process.
You only need to specify the
model checkpoints you are
using and the tokenizer
does almost all
the heavy lifting.
A tokenizer receives
your text data
and returns the tokens
that your model can read.
For instance, you can pass
a distill bert tokenizer,
that's x with the question,
what's well-known
superheroes were introduced
between 1939 and 1941
by Detective Comics?
It would return
the numeric token,
that's the distill birds model
can use for training
and inference.
You might need to take
some additional steps
for the pre-processing
of your data.
After getting the tokens that
vary depending on the model
you want to fine-tune,
the dataset you're using
and the task you're
training the model for.
To ensure that you're doing
everything you need to
do during the
pre-processing step,
you need to read
the description of
your model checkpoints and
the datasets you are using,
which are also provided
by Hugging Face.
Now to perform the fine
tuning of your model,
you need to run a
training procedure
and as you might
already have guessed,
Hugging Face will make this
step easier for you too.
The Hugging Face
transformer's library
has the trainer object that
gets the model that you
want to fine tune as inputs
with some other arguments
that you can tweak as needed,
such as the number
form of steps and
epochs or the strength
of the weight decay.
To perform the
training procedure,
you need to call
the training method
from the trainer objects,
which is just one line of code.
Additionally, you can
define a function to
use some predefined metrics
provided by Hugging Face,
such as the blue score or
even you can define your
own metrics if you wish.
With Hugging Face, computing
the metrics you want with
the trainer object is done by
just scowling and evaluation
method on the training,
validation or test data.